All: Hello, we're LOOΠΔ!
All: Please take care of us!
(In the music video for 'favOriTe', LOOΠΔ showed their own swag!)
(Aren't you curious what they did after this shooting?)
(HyunJin & Go Won got loyal seats in front of the AC!)
Go Won: My hair is getting messed up!
(Go Won told HyunJin that you better hold your hair before your hair gets messed up!)
(However HyunJin ignored it...)
HaSeul: I will shot a commercial of an air conditioner
(HyunJin is trying to be mean to new AC members)
HyunJin: (Suddenly) Summer!! Summer... Sum..mer~
JinSoul: Summer and ODD EYE CIRCLE are inseparable!
Choerry: Yeah, summer unit hot unit!
Choerry: Summer unit hot unit!
(Don't forget ti! LOOΠΔ 1/3 is here!)
Kim Lip: (The leader of OEC) Get out of my way
Choerry: It's OEC!
JinSoul: Summer unit hot! unit!
Choerry: Summer unit, hot unit~
(The teamwork of OEC is glowing especially in front of the AC!)
Choerry: Our team work is still working wall like this!
JinSoul: Working wall?
Choerry: Working wall~
Choerry: We know each other so well even though we said wrong word!
YeoJin: Oh, ODD EYE CIRCLE~
Choerry: And you're the slash!
(Do you remember 'ODD EYE CIRCLE + YeoJin = FROG EYE CIRCLE]?)
JinSoul: FROG EYE CIRCLE!